# Debatecom
This project was suposed to be a debating site to help people to practice thier debate skills, you present an argument to "Debby" the AI chatbot and it will debate as a expericend highschool debater with a fun personality inspired by the Debate club at my school. I tried using this webisite called Open Router, to get a free chat gpt API, when I coded it in  JS script actually worked, it was simple at that time it gave me a code to input, and my API key. Until it broke I tried researching on what happened, to debug it, I eventually used Chat gpt to try to solve it. The problem stuck with me for days and I did not want to spend any money for credits. Then I found out it was just Model that won't work, I tried another one aswell but that did not last. Even though my main idea was completly cooked. I was proud of my CSS work compared to my last project where I only used Canva. For exmaple the home page I used the google fonts into my CSS code, that matches what I envision, for background I experimented with gradients which I found pretty cool and making the background move into different colors for my secound linked page. And button feautres in Debatecom shows me how much I can do with CSS. Also the glass effect I can do with containers was nice.  I was watching a youtuber he talked about this webisite called Code Pen, on that site I found cool things to do with buttons, to use in my own site.  Overall even though I didn't manage to do the back-end on how I wanted it although the chat still kinda works it gives us failed to fetch at least T-T, I think it was at least a step up from Canva to actually try CSS the language was not hard then I thought, though centering anything had me in the chockhold, but it gave a positive experience when coding and learning at the same time;) 
Thank you for reading my READ ME 
